MSGraph Mail - OData fix (#8250)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Mail

> - Fixed a bug where using the OData parameter in the `!msgraph-mail-list-emails` and `!msgraph-mail-get-email` commands resulted in a bad-request [400] response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where using the OData parameter in the `!msgraph-mail-list-emails` and `!msgraph-mail-get-email` was not handled correctly.
```
